Ah, brother, brother, is it small and not long-eyed?
Forgive me, grandpa, grandpa, you are a mountain man
Forgive me, forgive me, grandpa, forgive me
Yi Feng, let me beat your legs for you
No. What are you reading?
There are two people with the same name as you and me
Peak, I'll bring you some tea
Brother, please have tea
Brother Ying Feng
The two landlords lost and didn't give me money
You don't care
How much is it, a lot of money? Here
Hey, hahahaha, it's mine.
Give it back to me hahahahaha
You think you are cheating
Whether it's envy, give it to me
This scene
I want to recite a poem
Brother, come and listen
Happy in the world
I don't envy mandarin ducks, I don't envy immortals
Senior brother, you are so romantic, that junior sister
I'll take you out to a barbecue
Ah, good.
Hahaha good
OK